some displaced Palestinians are
venturing out of camps to visit what is
left of their homes after the Israeli
troop withdrawal many areas have been
raised to the ground during bombing
hoder visited some of the streets and
homes destroyed by Israel's
military I'm currently in the heart of
kanun after the Israeli forces withdrew
from the area after four months of
endless violence the Israeli forces were
stationed here we can see in the houses
writings in Hebrew and leftovers from
the Israeli authorities the destruction
is
massive these are Israeli writings and
they are all over this building and we
witnessed that a couple of houses have
been also having the same words and the
same drawings they literally left their
writings on every house they invaded and
stormed
inun we don't really understand what
these are written some people use Google
Translate to understand the messages
that Israeli forces left in their houses
and on their walls and we're also
talking to some people they're saying
that they told like they told us that
they do not even recognize their house
and their neighborhood from the amount
of
Destruction all of the streets are
completely demolished there are no
streets anymore it is converted into a
pile of
sand even the houses that are still
standing they are unsuitable for living
where it's obvious that there has been a
a lot of battling between the Israeli
forces and the Palestinian
resistance the
infrastructure the infrastructure has
been also deeply damaged in this
area residents of kanun were forced to
flee from hunis under gunfire air
strikes live ammunition and they
evacuated to the and but the question is
are these people going back and if
they're going back going back where
there is
nowhere that's suitable for them to
live some people are also still looking
under their beloved ones that were
trapped under the rubble people in kenun
have been
witnessing endless violations by the
Israeli forces they were arrested from
anaser hospital they were killed and
bombed and now after four months they
finally got the chance to go back and to
chck up on their houses this is Hind
alun